#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   cyclopts
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.1
    # via fastmcp
boto3==1.40.4
    # via cohere
botocore==1.40.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
cohere==5.6.2
    # via langchain-cohere
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via authlib
cyclopts==3.22.3
    # via fastmcp
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via cyclopts
docutils==0.21.2
    # via rich-rst
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
faiss-cpu==1.11.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via cohere
fastmcp==2.10.6
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   fastmcp
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jieba==0.42.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-cohere==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.72
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via langchain-cohere
langchain-google-genai==2.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mcp==1.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
orjson==3.11.1
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via langchain-cohere
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via cohere
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.11.7
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   fastmcp
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via fastmcp
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrefly==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
    #   transformers
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   cyclopts
    #   fastmcp
    #   rich-rst
rich-rst==1.3.1
    # via cyclopts
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.47.2
    # via mcp
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cohere
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.54.0
    # via sentence-transformers
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   cohere
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via mcp
virtualenv==20.32.0
    # via pre-commit
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
